Oh Jonas no you saw him he was on the
wrong side of the wall it's surrounded
by enemies he didn't stop being a crow
the day you walked into mance rayder's
tent
[Music]
how many times has the Lord brought him
back six he sent you to us for Ethan
you have someone he needs what are you
doing let go of him tell him to stop he
wants to be one of you brother head stop
them we serve the Lord of Light the Lord
of Light means this boy
I see a darkness in you and in that
darkness eyes staring back at me brown
eyes blue eyes green eyes eyes you'll
shut forever
we will need again our Father requires
Lord Edmure to Wed one of his daughters
Samaria if you refuse to marry Loras to
Cersei I will name him to the Kingsguard
he will never marry he will never have
children the Tyrell name will fade but
Frey will take this delay as a slight
can take it as he likes he's getting the
wedding he wanted it's getting a wedding
it was a king he wanted I have your
little prince or princess inside me all
we ask is that you make use of these
ships sail them back to Westeros where
you belong and leave us to conduct our
affairs in peace there is far more than
this awaiting you on the deck of your
ship
you will release every slave in yunkai
your blood is Noble
it's the fastest the bastard of Robert
of the house Baratheon kick on light
Wulfgar one do you know I thought you
were gone tomorrow have they told you
what they plan to do with me and Catelyn
Stark released you we both made a
promise to her I will return the stark
girls to their mother tell Robb Stark
I'm sorry couldn't make his uncle's
wedding the Lannisters send their
regards just making a few alterations
if you attack the wall you'll die all of
you we're not going to Castle black what
did you say I told you already
Jon Snow isn't there bran needs to find
the Raven beyond the wall oh no I'm not
going back there your brother is at
Castle black
[Applause]
well just being away I'm taking you to
the twins
your uncle's marrying one of the Frey
girls allow me to present the captains
of the second son's ride with me and
you'll never need another contract one
of us slips into our camp pastor on
solid in their nights you were sent here
to kill me I don't want to what your
captain's have to say about that
swear to me the second son's are yours
and so is Daario naharis she's going to
kill him
sacrificing the boys her nephew why did
you come to see me today
10:00 to 3:00 if you swear never to
raise your hand to the lady Melisandre
again why are you doing this
I told you this power in the blood of
kings
he is it the rough stuff
[Music]
these are the beylin Greyjoy
is Joffrey Baratheon
[Music]
we stand here in the sight of gods and
men to witness the union of man and wife
one flesh one heart I won't share your
bed and so my watch begins it's come for
the baby
[Music]
this is where we enter the city I'd take
your two best men and lead them through
the back streets and open the front
gates wildly
photo making shut up if they here make
the crow killing one boy
he's a true
sight of the seven I hereby seal these
two souls you and OSHA and shaggy-dog
head for the last half the umbers are
our bannermen we'll protect you
[Music]
city's use my queen your grace I feel
I've been remiss in my juices I've given
you meat and wine music but I haven't
shown you the hospitality you deserve my
King has married and I owe my new queen
a wedding gift
[Music]
you don't wanna enough let it ends
mother
the Lannisters send their regards Robb
Stark is dead and his [ __ ] mother Roose
Bolton will be named warden of the north
I'm in this world a little while longer
to defend the Lannisters to defend my
blood the northerners will never forget
good I'm going to pick the fastest ship
in our fleet I'm going to find my little
brother
and I'm going to bring him home if
you're his brother you're my brother too
and anything I can do to help you I will
take us north of the wall
[Music]
great you know if I didn't have a choice
tonight is gathering Maester Aemon I've
seen him come in for all of us
not from his helpers I don't think you
can see us
[Music]
it's missing
the true war lies to the north my king
des marches on the wall
you